.TH "macStatus_t" 3 "Wed Jun 9 2021" "Onethinx LoRaWAN module" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
macStatus_t
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <OnethinxCore01\&.h>\fP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBmacErrors_e\fP \fBerrorStatus\fP: 8"
.br
.RI "MAC Errors\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "   uint8_t \fBbytesToRead\fP: 8"
.br
.RI "Total bytes in Receive buffer\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "   uint8_t \fB__pad0__\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "reserved "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBMACcmdReceived\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "The MAC received a MAC command (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBconfDown\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "Is a confirmed downlink received? (implemented since Stack version 0x000000B5) "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBisConfigured\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "The MAC is configured? "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBmessageReceived\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "The MAC received a message\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBisJoined\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "Is Device Joined? "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBisBusy\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "Is the MAC busy? "
.ti -1c
.RI "   bool \fBisPublicNetwork\fP: 1"
.br
.RI "True for LoRaWAN Public Network\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "   uint32_t \fBdevAddr\fP"
.br
.RI "The Device address received when joining the network\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "   uint8_t \fBMargin\fP"
.br
.RI "The Demodulation Margin (in dB above the demodulation floor) for last LinkCheckReq command (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) "
.ti -1c
.RI "   uint8_t \fBGwCnt\fP"
.br
.RI "The number of gateways that successfully received the last LinkCheckReq command (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) "
.ti -1c
.RI "   uint8_t \fBfPort\fP"
.br
.RI "The port number of the last received packet (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) "
.ti -1c
.RI "}; "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8_t \fBreserved\fP [16]"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct { \&.\&.\&. } "

.SS "uint8_t __pad0__"

.PP
reserved 
.SS "uint8_t bytesToRead"

.PP
Total bytes in Receive buffer\&. 
.SS "bool confDown"

.PP
Is a confirmed downlink received? (implemented since Stack version 0x000000B5) 
.SS "uint32_t devAddr"

.PP
The Device address received when joining the network\&. 
.SS "\fBmacErrors_e\fP errorStatus"

.PP
MAC Errors\&. 
.SS "uint8_t fPort"

.PP
The port number of the last received packet (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) 
.SS "uint8_t GwCnt"

.PP
The number of gateways that successfully received the last LinkCheckReq command (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) 
.SS "bool isBusy"

.PP
Is the MAC busy? 
.SS "bool isConfigured"

.PP
The MAC is configured? 
.SS "bool isJoined"

.PP
Is Device Joined? 
.SS "bool isPublicNetwork"

.PP
True for LoRaWAN Public Network\&. 
.SS "bool MACcmdReceived"

.PP
The MAC received a MAC command (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) 
.SS "uint8_t Margin"

.PP
The Demodulation Margin (in dB above the demodulation floor) for last LinkCheckReq command (implemented since Stack version 0x000000BC) 
.SS "bool messageReceived"

.PP
The MAC received a message\&. 
.SS "uint8_t reserved[16]"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Onethinx LoRaWAN module from the source code\&.
